ceph: update nfs ganesha pool recommendation (#7109)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-nfs-crd.md

* `pool`: The pool where ganesha recovery backend and supplemental configuration objects will be stored
* `namespace`: The namespace in `pool` where ganesha recovery backend and supplemental configuration objects will be stored

> > **NOTE**: Don't use EC pool for this purpose because ganesha uses omap in the recovery objects and grace db. EC pool do not support omap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: Don't use EC pools for NFS because ganesha uses omap in the recovery objects and grace db. EC pools do not support omap.
```

Author: Done!
